{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green110\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Payment fee received:\
1 Quantity Payment for SuperCollider, US 250\
\
Registered-To: Fredrik Olofsson\
Email: xxx\
Postal: xxx, Stockholm 11423 Sweden\
Total Amount Paid: US 251\
Date: 2000-02-27\
Processed: 2000-02-27\
PaymentMethod: Card\
Invoice: I322703039\
TransactionID: CHU97T95MWKC\
Note: SSL from 195.100.234.176 via KOOP 1.17sv for vendor QE6.\
EmailDate: 2000-02-27\
\
\
You will be receiving a postal receipt to be mailed to you at the following address:\
xxx\
Stockholm 11423 Sweden \
\
\
\
Your order was processed by the Kagi store. You may contact vendors directly about their product(s) at the email address(es) on the CC: line at the top of this email. Please direct any questions regarding the processing of this payment to <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:admin@kagi.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 admin@kagi.com}}> and include a copy of this message.\
\
If you received multiple copies of this message, they are probably duplicates of a single transaction. We sent this message to all of the email addresses you provided which are listed above. \
\
\
\
SQNM-kagi 1912\
\
\
\
******\
Thank you for purchasing SuperCollider.\
\
AUTHORIZING :\
You have purchased a single user license for SuperCollider.\
Here is your private serial number. Please keep it secure.\
When further updates are released that same serial number\
will work for those as well.\
The serial number will expire in 6 months at which time you will\
need to get a new one (free) from <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@audiosynth.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mailto:support@audiosynth.com}}>.\
\
User name: \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0Fredrik Olofsson\
Expires on: 1June2000 \'a0Serial number: \'a0\'a0XXXX WORN HITS JUNK JUKE COED \'a0\'a0You have purchased 1 single user license for SuperCollider.\
\
To authorize your program, start it up and choose the "Authorize"\
button in the start up dialog. The authorization dialog will open.\
Enter the serial number given above EXACTLY. The best way to do this\
is to copy the serial number directly from this email message and\
paste it into the dialog. The program will then be authorized on this\
computer. If you change hardware, you will be required to reenter the\
password.\
\
\
WHERE TO FIND THE LATEST VERSION:\
The latest version of SuperCollider will always be available via FTP at :\
<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "ftp://www.audiosynth.com/pub/updates/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ftp://www.audiosynth.com/pub/updates/}}>\
\
JOIN THE MAILING LIST:\
There is a mailing list for SuperCollider users. This is where updates are\
announced, so it is highly advisable to join the list. To sign up, send a\
one line message with no Subject line to <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:majordomo@lists.io.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mailto:majordomo@lists.io.com}}>.\
The single line should read:\
\
subscribe sc-users\
\
Once you've subscribed, you can submit mail to the list by sending your\
message to :\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:sc-users@lists.io.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 sc-users@lists.io.com}}\
\
GETTING QUESTIONS ANSWERED:\
If you have tech support questions, send email to :\
<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@audiosynth.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mailto:support@audiosynth.com}}>\
\
\
SQNM-audiosynthSC 0137\
\
\
\
WO-TFYP 1.4}